h1. Robotnik

Robotnik is a very simple tool for merging and compressing css (and very shortly javascript) files.

h2. Install

<pre>
  $ sudo gem install reddavis-robotnik -s http://gems.github.com/
</pre>
  
h2. How To Use

<pre>
  <code>
    Robotnik.compress do |c|
      c.robotniks_path = "#{File.dirname(__FILE___)}/css"
      c.css_files = {:master => Dir["/../major_*.css"], :minor => Dir["/../minor_*.css"]}
      c.stylesheet_compression = true
    end
  </code>
</pre>

Robotniks Path - This is where Robotnik will place its files

CSS Files - This is a hash of files you want to be merged. The syntax is like so:

<pre>
  <code>
    c.css_files = :name_of_file_that_robotnik_will_create => %w{array of all files you would like to be merged}
  </code>
</pre>

If you would like to create a "master" css file and a "admin" css file you can do this...

<pre>
  <code>
    c.css_files = {
                  :master => %w{array of all files you would like to be merged},
                  :admin => %w{array of admin stylesheets}
                  }
  </code>
</pre>



h2. License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Red Davis

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.